todo

1. create palettes and save to style/colour directory (may need to change to oop and add to version 1.1)

2. pause event
    DONE v1.0 - changed from pause to delete schedule as it starts to add complexity.
    Trying to keep simple. To restart enter all data in again and it will overwrite existing.

3. set time/date to stop event
    - DONE through redesigning schedules and adding stopping schedule button. A new edit schedule screen is added where a div or
    palette can have the interval changed to disabled. This changes interval to 0 and removes scheduled event.


4. add input for custom interval - add in later version

5. include child theme in .json file search not just parent

6. how to test ids and classes to confirm they will work? mmmm not sure!!

7. add error message box info like error log 
    DONE v1.0 - messages below toggle and split for success and fail messages, no logging

8. rename div classes from using _ to - 
    DONE v1.0 - ids and classes changed to - with names, methods and functions remaining with _.

9. create standard doc

10. Make UI look pretty 

11. Test document manual

12. Add a coming in v1.1 doc

13. Redesign div processing, may need oop.
    - Each div save generates a schedule
    - currently each schedule changes index for all divs with !== 0 interval
    - therefore daily monthly etc changes at the all interval schedules,
    if a single div needs changing on a daily and another div needs it monthly, the
    monthly will change daily. Balls!
    - change schedules to use wp twicedaily, daily, weekly, monthly - DONE
    - cannot have multiple daily schedules, cannot have single div schedules in case theres 
    lots and it gets muddled especially as wp schedule can be finicky. Inline css needs
    monitoring and updating via a css array which then passes to the construction function.
    - each time schedule has separate array to store css data in the same format as current div_array
    - each time schedule has a schedule so only max schedules = number of time schedules + palette
    - 
    - each time schedule has an inline css
    - when a schedule runs it changes index +1 and creates an inline css from time schedule array. 
    - keep current div_array and create time schedule arrays from this one.
    - keep all dynamic for scalability like oop, i.e. not using hardcoded names for time schedules instead get them from 
    - wp_get_schedules() returns an array of each inbuilt supported recurrences currently set at hourly, twicedaily, daily, weekly
    can add more custom but may as well keep current. 
    

    DONE
    Result
    Changed schedule processing to creating a schedule according to interval.
    Interval is core to scheduling so only one daily event is created but contains any div with interval daily.
    Max schedule events is equal to palette + total interval types.
    Each schedule event processes all divs with that interval. Each task is named with the interval at the end i.e. cycle_colours_div_task_daily.
    Show all schedules in an edit screen to change interval.


14. Keep page on same screen as when a save event is triggered. Currently returns to palettes.
    Note: All parts are in the same render but just toggled to visible or invisible.
    DONE - added update option to toggle at end of each form submission logic


